chore(docs): update documentation to be SKU agnostic (#53)
CrowdStrike/bicep-azure-cloud-registration: README.md

![CrowdStrike Falcon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CrowdStrike/falconpy/main/docs/asset/cs-logo.png)

> # Falcon Azure Registration with Bicep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Falcon platform registration with Bicep
```
(or, if you want to include Azure: "Falcon platform registration for Azure with Bicep", but that seems kinda long)

> The Azure Bicep templates in this repository allow for easy and seamless registration of Azure environments with Falcon for asset inventory and real-time visibility and detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Bicep templates in this repository allow for easy and seamless registration of Azure environments with the Falcon platform for asset inventory and real-time visibility and detection.
```

## Overview

> You can use the Bicep files in this repo to register either or both of these types of Azure entities with CrowdStrike:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Bicep files in this repo to register either or both of these types of Azure entities with the Falcon platform:
```

  - Microsoft.Web/sites/config/list/Action
  - Microsoft.Web/sites/publish/action
- If the `enableRealTimeVisibility` parameter is set to true, the templates also:

>    - Deploy an Azure Event Hubs namespace, two event hubs, and additional infrastructure to the subscription that has been designated as the default subscription, which is done via the `csInfraSubscriptionId` parameter. CrowdStrike uses this infrastructure to stream Entra ID sign-in and audit logs, as well as Azure activity logs, to Falcon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Deploy an Azure Event Hubs namespace, two event hubs, and additional infrastructure to the subscription that has been designated as the default subscription, which is done using the `csInfraSubscriptionId` parameter. CrowdStrike uses this infrastructure to stream Entra ID sign-in and audit logs, as well as Azure activity logs, to the Falcon platform.
```

   - Create a Microsoft Entra ID diagnostic setting that forwards sign-in and audit logs to the newly-created event hub.
   - Individual subscription deployments only:

>       - Create an Azure activity log diagnostic setting in the subscription being registered with CrowdStrike that forwards activity logs to the newly-created event hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - In the subscription being registered, create an Azure activity log diagnostic setting that forwards activity logs to the newly-created event hub.
```

## Required permissions

> - **Owner** role for the Azure management groups and subscriptions to be integrated with CrowdStrike

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Owner** role for the Azure management groups and subscriptions to be integrated with the Falcon platform
```

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `csInfraSubscriptionId`                                                       | no       | Subscription ID where CrowdStrike infrastructure resources will be deployed. This subscription hosts shared resources like Event Hubs. Required when `enableRealTimeVisibility`, `enableDspm` or `enableVulnerabilityScanning` are set to `true`.                                                                                                      |

> | `managementGroupIds`                                                          | no       | List of management groups to be registered with CrowdStrike. Only used to register management groups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `managementGroupIds`                                                          | no       | List of management groups to be registered with the Falcon platform. Only used to register management groups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `subscriptionIds`                                                             | no       | List of individual subscriptions to be registered with CrowdStrike.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subscriptionIds`                                                             | no       | List of individual subscriptions to be registered with the Falcon platform.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

1. Download this repo to your local computer.
2. Open a new Terminal window and change directory to point at the downloaded repo.

> 3. Run `az login` to log into Azure via the Azure CLI. Be sure to log into a subscription that is in the tenant you want to register with CrowdStrike.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `az login` to log into Azure via the Azure CLI. Be sure to log into a subscription that is in the tenant you want to register with the Falcon platform.
```

```

> [!NOTE]

> > The `cs-deployment-management-group.bicep` template can be used to register a list of management groups (and all subscriptions in those management groups) and/or a list of individual subscriptions with CrowdStrike.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `cs-deployment-management-group.bicep` template can be used to register a list of management groups (and all subscriptions in those management groups) and/or a list of individual subscriptions with the Falcon platform.
```

## Support

> This is a community-driven, open source project aimed to register Falcon with Azure using Bicep. While not an official CrowdStrike product, this repository is maintained by CrowdStrike and supported in collaboration with the open source developer community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a community-driven, open source project aimed to register Azure entities with CrowdStrike Falcon using Bicep. While not an official CrowdStrike product, this repository is maintained by CrowdStrike and supported in collaboration with the open source developer community.
```
